Kiko Hernandez former contestant of Big
Brother cancer is not going to beat me
retired from television he did not say goodbye
saying that it is that he had cancer and he
had to take care of himself and such a
pancreatic cancer okay I think the percentage
to be cured is one in 100 people
maybe one and suddenly he returned to
television and nothing was ever heard of this again nor did he
talk about whether he had been cured or not he had been
cured absolutely nothing and Tele5
has had it there and the television factory
Well it was recently announced that he is
going to have it again no and that he is going to continue
counting on him in his next
projects because he is not thrown in the car
because he is not told Hey Kiko here
What happened with this and that
the guy is going to present this charity fashion show whose
benefits are going to go to the
association against cancer that you have
used many things
n and that we all know come on we
all know but tell it flat come on
clear you can't say it because he
threatens you with lawsuits nothing for not having
anything because you have nothing that you did not
have  nothing It was you maybe the one who had nothing It
was you